# User Stories

## Explore
- As a user, I want to explore Wikipedia articles so that I can learn new things.
- As a user, I want to stop exploring so that I can do other things.
- As a user, I want to see my exploration history so that I can track my progress.

## Read
- As a user, I want to read Wikipedia articles so that I can learn new things.
- As a user, I want to stop reading so that I can focus on other things.
- As a user, I want to see my reading history so that I can track my progress.

## Quiz
- As a user, I want to take quizzes so that I can test my knowledge.
- As a user, I want to stop taking quizzes so that I can focus on other things.
- As a user, I want to see my quiz history so that I can track my progress.

## Focus Area
- As a user, I want to see my focus area so that I can track my progress.
- As a user, I want to stop tracking a Source (document or article) without loosing the history associated to this Source .

## User Session
- As a user, I want to start exploring, add articles to my backlog, choose an article to start a Reading activity. From Reading activity, I want to stop reading OR start a Quiz activity. From Quiz activity, I want to stop Quiz OR go back to Reading activity. When ending a Quizz, I want to be able to Try another quizz or go back to Reading activity. When ending a Reading activity, I want to be able to go back to Explore or start a Quiz activity. While on Derot Zone, I want to be able to do as much Activity as I want. Session is ended when I leave Derot Zone OR go back to Explore Activity.

## Documents
- As a user, I want to see my documents.
- As a user, I want to manage my Documents : change tags, displayed title, add document to a Topic.
- As a user, I want to start a reading activity or a quizz activity directly from a Document, in a new UserSession.

## Topics
- As a user, I want to see my topics.
- As a user, I want to manage my Topics : change name, add document or wikipedia articles to a Topic.

## Backlog
- As a user, I want to see my backlog.
- As a user, I want to manage my Backlog : remove document from backlog, or start a reading activity (this removes the article from backlog and will be visible in History Page).

## History
- As a user, I want to see my history.
- As a user, I want to manage my History : Track or Untrack a document or a Wikipedia article.

## Reading
- As a user, I want to be able to start a Read Activity from a Document or a Wikipedia article.
- As a user, I want to be able to pause a Read Activity. (Pause Activity)
- As a user, I want to be able to resume a Read Activity. (Resume Activity)
- As a user, I want to be able to stop a Read Activity. (End Session)
- As a user, I want to be able to start a Quiz Activity from a Read Activity. (Same User Session)
- As a user, I want to be able to stop a Quiz Activity. (End Session)

## Quiz
- As a user, I want to be able to start a Quiz Activity from a Read Activity. (Same User Session than Read Activity)
- As a user, I want to be able to stop a Quiz Activity. (End Session)
- As a user, I want to be able to try another Quiz Activity. (Same User Session)
- As a user, I want to be able to go back to Reading Activity. (Same User Session)
- As a user, I want the questions to be generated by the LLM, using my user preferences (number of questions, difficulty, etc.).
- As a user, I want to be able to answer the questions.
- As a user, I want to be able to submit my answers.
- As a user, I want to be able to see my results.
- As a user, I want to be able to see my progress in History Page or Focus Area Page (timelines).
- As a user, I want to be able to try another Quiz Activity. (Same User Session)
- As a user, I want to be able to go back to Reading Activity. (Same User Session)


